- You don't understand, like,
how much I've wanted this.
- Getting married
to a stranger is
A chance I'm
definitely willing to take.
- Oh, [bleep].
I've been dreaming about
this moment for my whole life.
- Please stand.
- Just over one month ago,
Ten singles took
a brave leap of faith
In order to find love.
- Hi.
[laughs]
- They married
as complete strangers.
- You may kiss your bride.
[cheers and applause]
- Yesterday I was single,
and today I am married.
It is crazy.
- ♪ let's make some waves ♪
- Last time,
our couple celebrated
Their one month anniversary
as husbands and wives.
♪ ♪
- ♪ go with the flow ♪
- Rachel and jose.
- I can say you look a lot--a
hell of a lot cuter like that.
You look sexy.
I love it.
- I'm just playing
and having a great time,
Fully in love
with my husband again.
It's--it feels great.
Stop!
- ♪ make some waves, baby ♪
- Myrla and gil.
- Somebody's trying
to be romantic
And burn down the place
at the same time.
- [laughs]
Firefighter. I just remembered.
- Seeing these roses, seeing
the setup, the champagne,
The candles, reassures me
that my wife is
The right person for me.
♪ ♪
- Michaela and zack.
- Cheers to you,
because if it weren't for you,
We would not be here.
I want you to understand, like,
how much, like, you mean to me.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
- Brett and ryan.
- It's just crazy
that we had no idea
What was ahead of us, though.
- I know.
How do you feel?
- I was hopeful that feelings
were gonna come.
But now we're a month in,
and they're lesser now
Than they were the first night.
- Bao and johnny.
- So I meal prep, I cook,
I do gourmet meals, I bake.
I do all these things
in the house.
- She hasn't.
That's a [bleep] lie.
- That's not true at all.
Like, why are you saying that?
That's not--that's not honest.
- ♪ gone until we kiss... ♪
- And tonight,
with less than four weeks left
Until decision day,
Our couples confront
the reality of what a lifetime
With their spouse
would actually entail.
- Even though we married
at first sight,
I'm still in love
with you all day
And all night, always,
and for the rest of my life.
- Ey!
- Everybody has
a breaking point.
Decision day is coming up,
And things
are coming to a head.
[dramatic music]
- I'm still struggling
with this.
- Like, if you don't
wanna be with me,
Then please don't be with me.
♪ ♪
- I am consistently
thinking about you.
- Like, you are not consistent
at all.
- I like new apartments.
- You like everything new.
She says she won't change
her lifestyle for anybody.
- That's big.
- You could not
criticize me one bit,
'cause I would be, like,
out the door.
- Wow.
- I can tell when someone's
attention is divided.
Is there anyone else
That you have some kind
of affinity for?
- Is there someone else?
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- ♪ it's all or nothing ♪
- This is
"married at first sight."
- ♪ there's no other way ♪
♪ ♪
♪ it's all or nothing ♪
- ♪ ooh-hoo ♪
♪ what have you got to lose? ♪
♪ I'm gonna take it from you ♪
♪ ♪
- Good morning.
- Good night.
- [laughs]
- Good morning.
- I'd kiss you,
but my breath stinks.
- Ooh, yeah.
- No kisses, just good morning.
- These are all
of my beautiful flowers
From everyone with
their condolences about baxter.
Baxter, who is that?
- I have no clue, mom.
- You have a dad.
You're his new dad.
- Shoot.
- [laughs]
Had to put baxter down.
Obviously, that was
incredibly hard for me.
- I care a lot about this girl.
But yeah, we've had
a lot of ups and downs as well
And we're still kind of
in limbo with everything.
- It's a struggle.
There has been a shift,
you know, between ryan and I
Because things
aren't progressing,
And it's definitely been tough.
- After reaching the one month
milestone in their marriages,
Our couples are settling
Into their everyday
domestic lives together.
- My wife is dressed really
nicely in her natural hair,
No fake eyelashes,
and just looking bomb.
Ten out of ten.
- Look at my lashes everywhere.
How embarrassing.
- Merging their lives together
means having to adapt
To their partner's routines,
Habits,
and personal preferences.
How well our couples can adjust
to their spouse's way of living
Makes all the difference
Because in less
than four weeks,
They'll have to make
The biggest decision
of their lives,
Whether to stay married
or get a divorce.
[tense music]
- Morning.
Yesterday was difficult.
- I wanted it so bad.
Square peg, round hole.
♪ ♪
- I'm feeling deflated,
but at the same time,
I'm feeling
that this is fixable.
I gotta make the best
of the situation.
So if that's what I do,
I need to woman up
and romance my husband.
And I guess that's
what I'm gonna have to do.
So I'm gonna try
to wrap my mind around that,
And...I have
to woo my husband now.
- ♪ our own love story ♪
♪ yeah, story, yeah, oh ♪
♪ our own love story ♪
- It's a little cold in here.
Can you make me one of my own?
- You can make one
of your own, yeah.
- I want some with just
Peanut butter--with
the peanut butter stuff.
- You can make it
however you want.
So my lease is up
in about three weeks.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I don't think
I'm gonna renew it.
- No, I think
you should renew it.
- Yeah?
All right, I'll renew it.
That's cool.
So apartment shopping, we need
to do that before decision day.
So I went and got two prices
for the apartments here.
I don't know where I'll put
the floor plans at, though.
- Having a husband
that I can share space with
Is something that
I've always wanted for myself.
We're talking about a future.
We're talking
about building a home.
about where we're gonna live.
I mean, we're talking
about everything,
As in, like, this is the
marriage that we want for life.
And so it truly is a dream
come true and more.
♪ ♪
- One was, I think,
1,100 square foot
And the other one
was, like, 1,000.
- That's pretty big, actually.
- Yeah, the smaller one
of the two is just higher.
- Mm, like how high?
- I don't know.
Honestly, I'm not a huge fan
Of mid-rise
and high-rise apartments.
I don't like
building apartments.
I'm not a fan of elevators,
I'm not a fan
Of freaking parking garages,
loopty-loopty loops.
I hate that.
I definitely don't care
about no concierge.
That's extremely bougie.
I don't need no door guy.
I can open my own doors.
♪ ♪
What are your wants
in an apartment?
- I like new apartments.
- You like everything new.
You remind me of that person
That just wants
the latest and greatest.
- I think I want a new phone.
- [laughs]
- I've had this one
for two years.
- What's wrong with that phone?
Can you call?
Can you text?
What's wrong with that phone?
- Just a new one, I want one.
- You hear that?
She likes any and everything
to be new.
And it worries me a little bit
that she might get tired
Of me, too,
when I'm not new to her.
♪ ♪
What's gonna be the difference?
- The camera.
I'd rather get--
- [laughing]
- ♪ everything feels
so right now, baby ♪
♪ everything feels
so right now ♪
♪ ♪
- I'm gonna make breakfast.
- Okay.
- If you want,
you can wash these dishes.
- Yeah, I was thinking
about it.
- Are you cooking with that pan
or that pan?
- Yeah, every pan.
- Oh, you're cooking
with all of them.
- I need them all.
- Oh, okay.
- Last week, rachel and I
were not at a good place.
- I will move forward
When I feel I get the sorry
that I deserve.
[tense music]
- What I've learned throughout
that whole process
Is that clearly,
you know, this is a marriage.
This takes a lot of work.
But I'm willing to do anything
I can to try to make it work
Because this is exactly
everything I've asked for
In a woman and in a marriage.
♪ ♪
- I'm just so impatient
when it comes to cooking.
I think that's why
I don't like cooking.
- So you get impatient
when it comes to cooking
Because you want it, like, now?
- Yeah, that's why I buy,
like, microwave stuff,
Because it's fast.
- So you like eggs
in the microwave?
- No, not that I like it.
I'm not gonna wake up
30 minutes earlier
To make fresh eggs
When I could just quickly
make eggs in the microwave.
♪ ♪
Mm-hmm.
- [snorts]
- Okay, all right.
We're getting ready here.
♪ ♪
That's it, finally made 'em.
- It didn't take that long.
- To me, it did.
Four weeks ago,
I didn't even know
A man like jose could exist.
We've definitely
had some issues,
But, like,
I feel 1,000 times better.
I felt like
I voiced my thoughts,
And I felt like he listened.
And knowing that we got
past that argument really
Makes me feel good about what
our future's gonna look like.
- This is really good.
- It is really good.
- So first time
playing baseball,
First time making chilaquiles
with someone.
- I'm telling you,
it's all about first with you.
- That's good.
- I'm liking it.
- Good.
- I can't wait
to do a lot of firsts.
- What is a first for you
that you're looking forward to
As we continue these firsts?
- Well, my first--
- other than the baseball game.
- My first trip to europe
with an actual, like, partner,
And not a friend,
not my mom, you know,
Actually someone,
that would mean a lot to me.
- I know for me, like,
I want a road trip to texas,
'cause, you know,
texas is huge.
San antonio, of course, I used
to live there, so I love it.
And then when you get out
to the "hill country,"
It's definitely hilly,
And it just--it's different
than city living over here.
♪ ♪
- His travel and my travel
are not the same.
He says he likes traveling,
and I said I like traveling,
But our definitions
of traveling don't match.
I don't know.
I'm sure we just
keep doing our thing,
And it's gonna be like,
"oh, this is my first time
doing this.
This is my first time
doing that."
- Mm-hmm.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- What's this dish
that we're making?
- Uh, bolognese.
- Zucchini noodle bolognese.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right.
♪ ♪
- It asked for crushed tomatoes
but I like whole tomatoes,
So we're gonna have a bunch
of whole tomatoes.
- Oh, deviating
from the recipe.
- I know.
- That's so unlike you.
[soft music]
I am feeling 50-50 about the
relationship at this point.
It's a struggle just because
she's saying some things
That are just
straight up not true.
I haven't really talked
to bao about it yet.
But I feel like this week
I need to just be 100% focused
On trying to do things together
to see if anything pops up.
♪ ♪
What are some activities
you prefer to do
With someone and not alone?
- Actually,
I like doing chores.
Uh, let's see.
I mean, I like doing bedroom
activities with a partner
And not by myself.
I have a happy chore
for myself.
That's something I haven't
really shared with anybody.
It's just there for me,
But I do like the idea
of one day sharing that chore.
- Are you thinking
about bringing something
From the drawer here?
- It's one of those things
where I'm like,
I wouldn't want
to assume anything.
- I wouldn't mind.
- Johnny shared with me
that he likes women
That are flirty.
I am not a very flirty person,
but I'm doing it largely
Because I know
that makes him happy,
And I hope he sees that
and appreciates that about me.
[laughs]
Drink your prosecco!
You're just causing trouble.
- After every ingredient
that goes in we have to--
- Drink?
- I think it's part
of the recipe, I think.
- Are you sure
that it's not some kind
Of a new drinking game
you just created?
- You know what's a drinking
game that we could play?
- Hmm?
- Truth or sip.
- Truth or sip, huh?
While we're cooking?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Ask me something.
If I don't wanna answer,
I have to drink.
- Okay, what's, uh...
What's gonna be your decision
on decision day?
[laughing]
- Right to it, all right.
- [laughs]
- Yeah, all right.
All right, I'm gonna...
- [laughs]
Damn it!
- What's your decision
on decision day
If it was tomorrow?
- Um...
I'd still wanna be married.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
- How do you--how do you
already know?
- Because I ended just about
every one of my relationships.
So I told myself
going into this process
That something's
gotta change about me,
And I've decided
I'm not quitting.
I'm putting my all into it,
And I will have no regrets
no matter what happens.
I feel like I've grown a lot
being with you,
And I really want
to explore this.
So I don't see any reason
why I would say no right now.
- I like that attitude.
Saying no on decision day would
feel like I failed in some way.
But I've experienced highs
and lows and fights with bao.
So I'm still trying
to find out
If I can fall in love
with her,
And we still got
a long way to go.
♪ ♪
What do you want to cheers to?
Cheers to something.
- To yes on decision day.
[both laughing]
♪ ♪
- I know.
I recognize every effort.
- Good.
- I see it.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Hi, guys.
- Hi!
- Welcome
to main street soccer.
Uh, first things first,
I'ma just need you guys
to do a waiver.
- Okay.
Are you excited, zack?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah?
- I don't know how this
is gonna go, though.
I don't wanna hurt you.
Sounds kinda dangerous.
- That's the whole point
of the waiver, basically.
- Yeah.
- [laughs]
- I'm looking forward
to doing this with michaela
Because we've talked
about working out together,
And that's something
that she wants to do.
I know that she wanted
to hit me
And make me fall on the ground,
But I don't think
she's going to.
- I'ma go easy.
- All right, thank you.
- Each of you will stand
on one side,
And then you guys are basically
just gonna run at each other...
- Okay.
- And meet in the middle.
Whoever bounces back further
Is basically the loser
of the round.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
- I'm nervous!
Michaela, don't go hard!
[both laughing]
- Bubble ball is really fun.
I looked up techniques.
The strategy,
run and launch myself
And be kinda as erratic
as possible, so I failed.
Oh, my technique didn't work!
- All right.
[laughs]
[upbeat music]
- ♪ go, go, go,
come on and give it to me ♪
♪ all you got, so deep in it ♪
♪ I can't get enough of
your love 'cause I love you ♪
♪ it's true ♪
- What do we do?
- Let's see.
If you score then--
- You gotta do a dance move,
A serious dance move
in this thing.
- Okay.
- And if I don't then
I do a dance move, okay?
- Okay.
- All right, you ready?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Ah!
Oh, [bleep].
Trying to take me out, homie?
- Chill, chill, chill.
- Trying to take me out?
- Don't play with me, girl.
Don't play with me.
- What's the dance?
Can you pick the dance?
- Give me, like,
a little dougie.
- How you gon'--you can't
do a dougie in this!
- Figure it out, let's see.
- Let's see.
- Go.
Oh my god, michaela.
Wait.
- I'm dougie-ing.
- No, that's horrible, yo.
Okay.
- [laughs]
- Was actually not that bad.
That was not that bad.
- Oh, my gosh, okay.
Ah!
♪ ♪
Okay.
How'd you like my dougie?
- I kinda wanna see you dougie,
like, in real life
'cause that was pretty bad,
but I wanna give you credit.
- All I had to show
you was my knees, man.
And I was trying to dougie
with my knees.
That's what that swirl was.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, I hear you.
- That's what I was trying
to do, see?
♪ ♪
So when did you feel
the happiest in our marriage?
- Let me think about that.
Do you have an answer?
- That morning that I first
saw you again, move-in day.
- Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
[both laughing]
- Hi, wife, what's up?
Hi, oh, my goodness,
I missed you so much.
Hi.
- Hi.
- I would say my happiest time
Was when--it was
at our wedding.
I was, like,
dancing in front of you.
My friends came behind me,
and then you started crying.
♪ ♪
- I did not see that coming.
That was a very special moment.
- Yeah.
- That was awesome.
- But I don't know
how we can recreate that.
- You could always
buy me a house.
- Nope.
- I tried. [laughs]
- No, ma'am.
You could buy me a house.
- No.
- [laughs]
- I got married at first sight
To have somebody
to kid around with,
To have fun,
and enjoy life together.
We are working on taking it
one day at a time,
And I'm hoping
that our marriage
Can keep getting better.
I want it to last forever.
Yeah.
Thank you, shawty.
I'ma grab these waters.
- Would you do this again?
- Heck yeah.
I'ma go work out some,
but heck yeah.
- You think
that would help any?
- I think so.
- You sure?
- As long
as you don't bulldoze me.
- I wasn't bulldozing you.
- Whatever.
♪ ♪
- Let's try the fruits
of our labor.
- Okay, I hope it's good.
I'm sorry if it's not.
But there's salt and pepper
here if you need it.
- Bon appétit.
♪ ♪
This is good.
- You like it?
- The flavor's good.
I can taste the bacon.
- Mm-hmm.
- I can taste turkey.
I think this is a success.
- You like it.
I'm glad.
- You ready to ask me
the next truth or sip question?
- No, you need to now.
I feel like I asked
a super probey one.
- Let's bring it full circle.
- Mm-hmm.
- In this relationship,
do you feel like you're 100%?
- I am.
- Putting 100% effort?
- How so?
- I feel like I'm doing
everything I can, yeah.
- Everything?
- Yeah.
- If your 100% was my 100%,
I feel like
I'm putting 150% into this.
[dramatic music]
Planning dates, being flirty,
Giving us opportunities
to be flirty,
Date nights, gifts,
all that stuff.
- I don't think
you're giving me credit
For everything I'm doing.
- No, I'm trying to figure out,
like,
When have you tried--
When have you tried
in this relationship?
- All of the stuff
that I'm doing is trying.
I'm not doing a big gesture
like you are,
But on the day-to-day
of taking care of things,
I'm doing that just as--
- Do you think
I'm not doing it?
- I'm not saying you're not,
but that's how I show I care.
On the day-to-day,
I'm tidying up
and organizing...
- I am too.
- The kitchen and stuff.
Yeah, but I don't have to fold
your clothes and do the organ--
- You don't.
- Neat it and put it away
and everything,
But I am consistently
thinking about you,
Consistently doing things
in this relationship.
- I feel like you are not
consistent at all.
♪ ♪
- I don't think
you're appreciating
The things that I do.
I think you need more grand
gestures than what I'm doing.
- I don't.
I just need everyday gestures.
You know, like you, like,
poke me in the morning
And be like,
"hey, let's go for a run,"
Because last time we did it,
we had a good time.
Like, if when we wake up,
if you wanna do yoga,
I want you to invite me
to yoga, you know?
I want my wife
to take the initiative.
- Realistically, how much time
Do we really
have time together?
- We have plenty,
And you know what you do
with your free time?
You, like, keep busy
doing stuff without me.
I just want to do stuff
with my wife.
- I'm doing stuff with you
every single time.
- What are you doing with me?
- Every single time
you've initiated,
Have I not been
a willing companion?
- I know, but the thing is,
I want you
to initiate things with me,
Like, things that you wanna do
that you know I wanna do,
I want you to initiate
finally so that
I'm not always the one
initiating, you know?
- [sighs]
Let me tell you,
I have no idea, no idea.
♪ ♪
But he is my husband.
And so I wanna support him
however I can.
I can do that.
- Yes, that's
what I'm looking for.
- I can, but, like,
I'm frustrated right now
Because you're bringing out
a lot of stuff
That you need this,
and that you need this,
And that you need this of me.
- Those are very basic things.
- Give me credit
for stuff that I do.
You clearly don't.
- I don't.
- Instead, you know
what you do?
You complain about me.
- Why are you getting mad?
♪ ♪
I really want johnny
to be less negative.
I want johnny to see the good
in the relationship.
His 100% is different
from my 100%.
That should be okay.
He asked me to put 100% in.
[johnny screams]
- [bleep]!
[dramatic music]
[bleep] [bleep]!
♪ ♪
[door slams]
What's wrong?
♪ ♪
I mean, do you call
that conversation
We just had at
the dinner table compatible?
- I wouldn't say
it wasn't compatible.
We had a disagreement.
We're still figuring
ourselves out
And understanding each other.
I don't think either of us
understands each other yet.
♪ ♪
- Just like, why are we
so different
In the way that we,
like, approach things?
- It's not me against you.
I'm still married to you.
I'm literally
still holding your arm.
I'm still here for you.
I'm not going anywhere.
♪ ♪
- ♪ I fell in love
with all the lies ♪
♪ painted pictures
in my mind ♪
♪ of the person
that I needed ♪
♪ to escape this hell
of mine ♪
- In a weird way,
I get the feeling like
I have to be the stronger one.
I don't mind that.
It just sucks because
I don't think he understands
And appreciates that about me.
- ♪ wouldn't it be nice ♪
♪ if I didn't fall
for your disguise ♪
[upbeat music]
- ♪ between a rock
and a hard place ♪
♪ 'cause I want love
but I want it my way ♪
♪ and I got too much to lose ♪
♪ don't wanna... ♪
- I would have brought
my gloves had I known
We were gonna go this hard.
- [laughs]
- Ooh, you wanna sit here?
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna sit here.
[groans]
yeah.
- Nailed it.
- Cheers.
- Clink.
- I miss your face.
What's new?
- Dude, we watched
the wedding video.
- You did?
- Yeah.
- What did you think?
- It was really, really cute.
- How did ryan react?
- He was just like--
he enjoyed it.
Like, I think he liked
watching it,
But I think we liked
watching it
For different reasons,
you know?
Like, I was very, like--
- Sentimental?
- Yeah, but it's--it didn't--
- It didn't resonate with him
in the same way?
- No, not at all.
[soft music]
- Do you think
that this marriage is, like,
Resonating for you
In the same way that--like
when you watch the video...
- With the video?
- You were like, "mm."
- No.
- Real life is not the same
as the video.
- No, it was, though.
Something happened.
- What happened?
- Things are just different.
Ryan seems not into it,
kind of checked out,
And it was different
at the beginning.
You know,
it's been a hard few days
Between the baxter situation
And then looking at how it was
to how it is now,
It's been really hard
for me to process.
♪ ♪
- So how is everything going?
- I don't know.
It's tough to say.
I wanted this beautiful story
with brett,
And I wanted this marriage
to work,
But it's just not happening.
- So one thing that pastor cal
told me was, you know,
I had kind of already made
a decision about mine
That it wasn't gonna work.
- Yeah.
- Do you think you're doing
the same thing,
And do you think
that's affecting
How you view it going forward?
- I don't think so.
Man, I don't know.
- Hmm, okay.
How does she think
the marriage is going?
- She has to know
at this point.
I mean--
- yeah, okay, so hold on.
You say she has to know,
but does she know?
I feel like in this situation,
you have to be very direct
Because you don't want her
to think,
You know, she actually
does think everything's okay.
♪ ♪
- My perception is that there's
a point where he stopped...
- Just innately--
- Having that open feeling
and started having, like,
The doubts to a point
where it's, like, affecting,
Like, how we interact
with each other.
- Yeah, okay.
- And for me,
those doubts that I had,
I got over that really early.
- Yeah.
I knew that you would
do that no matter what.
Like, it might be, like,
a sticker shock,
But you're not
a superficial person,
And you're not a person
That's specifically
looking at the physical.
Like, you are looking for
an actual emotional connection.
- But I don't think
it's just physical for him.
I don't think it's just--
- no?
- No.
I feel like ryan is struggling
and he's pulling away,
And it's kind of like the worst
feeling that I can have
Because I really do crave
emotional connections
And vulnerability
from someone.
I think that's one of the
reasons why I'm still trying
Is because I know
that that moment is worth it.
We have similar
communication styles,
Which is avoiding things.
- Mm-hmm.
- I wanna have
conversations--like,
There's a lot
that I understand,
But there's a lot
that I am trying to understand
That I don't
currently understand.
But I don't think
He wants to have
these conversations with me.
- You need communication.
That's a foundational element.
- ♪ all we ever do
is start again ♪
- Listen, man, you can't
just put it on the front.
Like, we're real people
in a real relationship.
So, like, it's best
If you just tell her
exactly how you feel.
♪ ♪
- I don't know, man.
It's just tough, man.
- I don't envy your situation.
- ♪ I'm so tired
of playing games with you ♪
- I don't know, man.
- ♪ we keep going in circles ♪
- Again this was a stranger.
It's normal to be like,
"I don't really know
how to approach you
Because I don't know you
like that."
But what's key is,
Are you putting forth an effort
to understand?
It's risky,
But sometimes it pays off
in folds.
- I mean, there's a million
things I could do
To show someone that I care.
But I feel like
my hope is waning.
- ♪ we keep going in circles ♪
- We'll see.
Everybody has
a breaking point.
- ♪ 'cause we keep going
in circles ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ lately I've been thinking
all these foolish things ♪
♪ like wondering
if it was ever real ♪
- Guess who did not stay
at the apartment last night.
- After our argument,
It felt like it was a good time
To be apart
so that we didn't continue
To say things
that hurt each other.
- He said that my 100%
is his 150%.
But it feels like for me
like I'm putting in more effort
Because I'm still here.
He says he is,
but he ducks and runs.
[dramatic music]
- We're not in a good place
right now.
And I'm bringing her
to this family barbeque
For my uncle frank's birthday.
- Are you excited
about tomorrow?
- Seeing your family
at the crawfish boil.
- Seeing all of them
for the first time since--
- Oh, shoot,
I need--I was supposed
To memorize
their names in mandarin.
So my feeling right now
is I have to put on a smile
For the rest of the day
to see his family.
I need to memorize
everybody's names.
[listing names in mandarin]
I'm looking forward
to seeing his family,
And I really hope that
they can give me some insight
Because I really want
this marriage to work.
♪ ♪
- ♪ I'll make the move ♪
♪ I'll make the move,
ah, ah, ah ♪
- Even though it's true
that our couples have to go
At hyper speed
through their marriage,
The fact is, after a month,
They're gonna have
certain routines,
And it's important for them to
know they can shake that up.
What marriage should not
seem like is like a grind.
You have to fight for your
marriage by making it fun,
Interesting, new, and feel like
Each of you is contributing
to that goal.
- Hi.
- How's it going guys?
- Hi!
- How y'all doing?
- How are you?
- We're good.
- Good, man.
- I'm josh.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- Josh, I'm brett.
We're at some ninja gym.
This is for sure something
That someone like
ryan would wanna do.
This is definitely
his element.
So I planned this because
being here is showing him
That I am trying,
And I'm doing my best
to help us try to move forward.
- When you run the wall,
First goal is
to run up to the ring
And then from the ring,
pull yourself up.
And if you can't from here,
you go all the way to the top.
- Oh, no!
- Oh, okay.
- That's not gonna happen.
- Okay!
I'm hoping that, like,
him kinda getting to let loose
And hopefully us, like,
doing something together
That's active and fun
will help our situation.
We'll see.
- I'm, like, nervous right now,
I don't know why.
- Don't be nervous, bro.
- I am nervous.
- You got it.
- Don't run hard.
- ♪ show 'em what you got
show 'em what you got ♪
- All right.
- Perfect.
- ♪ why not how 'em
what you got ♪
- Well, that was easy,
or you made it look easy.
- Just gonna go easy into it.
There you go.
- Get it, get it!
[laughs]
- ♪ show it off
for the camera ♪
♪ ♪
- I ain't climbing up there.
- You gotta climb up there.
- No, I'm not going
to be able to.
- I can just grab the ring,
and that's about it.
- Babe, you got it.
- You do crossfit.
- Good, keep pulling,
keep pulling, there you go.
You can even stand
on the ring if you need to.
- Come on, come on.
- There you go.
Yeah!
- I did it!
[laughing]
- Good job, baby.
- Good job, rach.
- Brett, you got this, girl,
you got this.
- You got it.
- Seriously, you got it.
- You're an athlete, girl.
- All right, pull yourself up.
- There you go!
- Good.
Come on, come on, come on.
You got it, come on, come on.
- You got it, you got it,
you got it!
- Come on!
- Yes, you can!
- Oh, no!
- Do it!
- I can't.
- Yes, you can!
- You can just slide.
- I know I wasn't gonna be able
to pull myself up.
Dang it!
- I love it here.
I'm super happy right now.
My goal in our relationship
is to be able to do
And enjoy stuff like this
on a regular basis.
So I'm glad that brett planned
this for us to do together.
- Okay, so what we're gonna do,
we're gonna have a relay race.
Up and over, through to here.
Girls, you're gonna
touch the wall,
And you're gonna run back.
You guys are gonna
take these...
And then back over.
- Oh, my god.
- Okay, y'all ready?
- I feel like I'm on a hurdle.
- One of y'all fall
and it's done.
- Okay, ready?
Three, two, one, go!
Oh, that's one way to do it.
Come on, come on, touch, go!
You got it, you got it,
you got it, got it!
- High knees, high knees,
high knees!
- Come on!
You gotta be quick, girl.
♪ ♪
- Come on!
- Go, rach, get your knees up,
get your knees up.
Get your knees up!
- Hurry, hurry, hurry!
- Oh, I'm gonna get your ass.
- Come on, oh, come on!
Come on, come on!
- That was fun.
- That was.
- That was a good effort.
That was good.
I love this [bleep].
- Me, too.
Ryan is having fun,
And I don't know
if it's helping our marriage,
But I hope it is
because if it's not,
Then I'm, like, totally out
of ideas at this point.
Like, mm.
Ahh!
- Go, ryan!
- Got it.
- You could be the next
ultimate warrior.
Yeah, our guy!
- My guy.
- ♪ I'm looking
for a good love ♪
♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
- Hey, sissy, how are you?
- How are you?
- You got married
and got mia on me.
So how has it been?
- It has been--it's been good.
It's been an experience.
- Okay.
- Being married really
does--it challenges you.
Like, I think
when we first met,
We were sunshine
and butterflies, right?
It's all, "oh my gosh, oh--"
And then, you know,
we hit a downturn, he and I.
He would do something or say
something, and I would react.
And then he'd be like,
"I don't like--"
- He'd take it personally.
- Yeah, like, "I don't like
the way you reacted."
I've learned that I have
to stop doing things
In protection of myself.
So I would just do things
that aren't really conducive,
And then there's no repair.
And I've learned for him, like,
When he, you know,
has a moment,
Like, he may not wanna talk,
Like, to give him that grace
and let him know that,
"hey, I do wanna talk about it,
though, whenever you're ready."
You know?
- Okay.
- And not to, like, push.
And he does,
and he'll come back around
And he'll tell me what it was,
and it's like, "okay."
- And so you're learning
to reciprocate that
And talk about how you feel
and that you speak
Your feelings
and not just act them out?
- Yeah.
- [laughing]
- We're definitely learning
each other, and I noticed
That he now feels
comfortable enough
Talking to me the way
I need to be talked to.
[laughs]
- okay.
- You know, at first
he would be kind of gentle
And a little, like, to me,
elusive, and so I'm just like,
"okay, well, this is
the message I got," you know?
- And now, it's kind of like,
"michaela, this happens.
Don't do this."
[laughs]
Okay.
- And you can understand that.
- And I can understand that.
That's the kind
of language that I need.
It's like, "okay,
let's figure each other out.
"let's talk some more.
Let's into that groove
of things."
And now we're there
and it's like, "yeah."
You know, I touch him.
I give him forehead kisses.
Like, you know,
like we're getting better.
- Aw, look at my sister.
Are we having babies?
♪ ♪
- Babies?
- I'm an aunty,
I gotta know this stuff.
I mean, I'm just jumping in.
Do what you wanna do with this
conversation, I'm just saying.
I'm looking forward to the
future--it sounds good to me.
- That was quite a jump.
- You got married
at first sight.
You might as well talk
about babies second sight.
- Touché. Second sight.
[laughs]
Hey, I see you a second time.
Ready to do this?
- Michaela used to
bottle up her feelings
But then act out in emotion.
And I'm sure some
of that trailed itself
Into her marriage.
But now I think she's grown
by leaps and bounds.
She's gotten more mature
in the last couple of weeks.
She's gotten more vulnerable.
She's gotten more expressive.
And that's something
that I didn't know
My sister was capable of.
So you still in deep like?
Feeling a little lovely,
or what are we doing?
- You know, I do love him.
- Oh.
- I do.
- We love zack.
And you know, I don't--
- What does that feel like
miss "I've never been in love."
- I'm learning to be better,
Better in my marriage,
but I'm learning
To be better in, like,
my overall relationships.
- Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
- Like, the way my brain has
just, like, grown,
It's like the grinch's heart.
You know,
when he, like, finds the gifts,
And he's, like,
holding them up.
- That sounds about right.
[both laughing]
♪ ♪
- ♪ oh, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ na, na, na, na ♪
- Oh, my god.
- What?
- Why your lashes
looking crazy?
- They're gonna be
done tomorrow.
- Oh, my god, you're not
wearing your eyes today.
[laughs]
- Are you in your new place?
- It's so pretty.
- How has it been living
with a frugal person?
- It's been really good.
Like, I think he's frugal
in the right areas.
And, like, the other areas,
like he just doesn't care.
- Does it make you, like,
wanna change your spending?
- No, not one bit.
My husband went and looked
for apartments yesterday.
- And you trust him choosing
a place for you guys to stay?
- Yes, because he knows
how I am.
You know how he says, like,
The places that I live have
to be, like, super nice?
- Yeah.
- Girl, he said that these
were, like, on another level.
He said the gym had,
like, those mirrors
That have those workouts,
The people that work you out
on the mirror.
- Oh, cool.
- He said it had, like,
an acre amenity space,
Like, huge open space
with, like, a big, giant pool,
Like, barbecue, like,
play area and all these things.
Has a theater.
- You love spending money.
- You sound like my husband.
- [laughs]
Don't change him now
because you're bougie.
- A little bit,
I think he's already bougie
on his own
'cause he really likes
the nice apartment
That he looked at first.
- Okay.
- Ooh, hype is slobbering.
See?
That is exactly
why I don't want a dog.
Oh, my lord.
Oh, my god, the slobber
is touching the floor.
That is so gross.
I see the piece
of slobber on the floor.
Hype, what are you eating,
dude?
Definitely,
I need to wipe his face.
Anyways...
I was worried about that,
seriously.
- I knew you would be.
- But regardless--
- but regardless.
So I think for me, I knew
that if focus on the negative,
Like the things
that I didn't get,
Then I would, like,
go down a hole,
Like an endless hole
of nothingness.
But if I focus on the positive,
Like, I knew
there was a lot of good in him,
'cause just from meeting him
and the things he was sharing
And, like, as--day by day,
as I got to know him better,
I was like, "oh, my god,
like this is like even more
Than I would've--like,
what I could have imagined."
And I will say, like,
he is so patient.
And I don't even know that
I stress patience,
Like, enough.
- And you got it.
So if you guys had an argument
About something, like, real,
how would that be?
- If we have something
that we disagree upon,
I think we're just
gonna communicate
With each other about it.
- And so do you notice
when he's, like,
Not happy about something?
- When he's really tired,
when he's really exhausted,
He gets quieter, which is rare.
I think the other thing
is, like,
He's so social, and I'm not.
- Oh, yeah.
- So, like, he likes to go
to people's houses.
I don't.
The other day, he was like,
"oh, I really wanna go
to my friend's house.
Like, he just bought
a new house."
And I was like, "oh, cool.
Well, can we just meet him
at a bar or at a restaurant?"
He's like, "why on earth
would we meet him at a bar
Or restaurant when we can go
to their house?"
- Why would you meet him
at a bar or restaurant?
It's not "the myrla show."
So you have
to meet his friends,
And then they will know you.
'cause you also
don't want them
To think you're
a, you know, b.
- Well, I don't really care.
- It does matter!
You're his wife,
not his girlfriend.
- I will say hi to them.
Hi, nice to meet you.
- They're gonna think
you're a b.
- [laughs]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Uncle, happy birthday.
- Thank you, thank you,
thank you.
- It's cake time.
Let's go.
Bao and I have, like,
some unresolved stuff
That we need to talk through.
But today's just all
about celebrating
Uncle frank's birthday,
Being with people
I care about, people I love.
- I've always wanted
to bring my wife
To family functions like this.
- Oh, boy.
- Husband called to tell me
that he doesn't want me to go
To his family barbeque today.
[dramatic music]
My husband clearly does not
want to be in a marriage,
Because that's what you do
as husband and wife.
You suck it up,
and you go to the barbeque.
As wife, I am pissed right now.
♪ ♪
- Bao and I need to work
on ourselves first
Before I bring her
to a family event.
I'm asking her to show me--
like, put a little more effort,
Show me her effort in trying
to build this romance,
Build this relationship.
- And what did she say?
- That's when
we had the argument.
She says
she's already doing it.
- Oh.
- Clearly she's not if I'm not
feeling like she's doing it.
So she says, like, the things
that she's doing to show--
To be romantic
is doing things for me,
Like doing my laundry.
Like, I do my own laundry fine,
But she does it,
and she wants credit for that.
She says keeping the fridge
stocked with vegetables
And groceries, like--
- No, that's thoughtful.
That's thoughtful of her.
- It's thoughtful, but it's not
building romance for me.
I wanna feel, like, that
high school romance feeling.
- Yeah, but...
- You're not
in high school anymore.
Hate to tell you that.
- I mean, you're never gonna
agree on the same thing,
But at least you need
to at least sit back
And see the other person's
viewpoint.
- I'm at the point where I feel
like if it never changes,
I'm just not
interested anymore.
- She's also trying to make an
alteration to herself, right?
Something that she's
used to doing.
And so that kind
of takes time, like, you know?
- Mm-hmm.
What is she doing right now?
- Probably sitting in bed
texting.
- Mm-hmm.
- I just spent some time
Meal prepping all this stuff
for us to eat later
For the rest of the week.
Is it gonna be appreciated? No.
This is the kind of stuff
that I do that my husband is
Saying that this
is the baseline for him.
This is baseline effort
for my hubby.
I'm an administrative director
at a cancer institute.
I am not just sitting around
with nothing to do
So that I have all this time
to do all of this.
I do not understand where
johnny's head is right now.
It's not in the marriage,
that's for sure.
♪ ♪
- How is it so far?
- I mean, yeah,
not what I expected,
But I'm making the best of it,
I guess.
I'm still trying.
- Don't expect.
I mean, if you come
into any relationship
Without any expectation,
that may come out better.
- I do have very high
expectations for the person
That I marry, and she is not
meeting them right now.
♪ ♪
I don't like
the way she thinks,
The way she communicates.
- So is that because
that expectation is there?
- I expect--
I wanna be married
To somebody whose personality
is compatible with me.
And so far,
the more I learn about bao,
The less I like about her.
- I came into a marriage
to feel appreciated and loved
And cared for,
but right now, this is [bleep].
And my husband is negative
and critical
Of what I think could be
a perfectly great marriage.
I don't know.
I don't know
what to do right now.
♪ ♪
- Must be something there,
because we saw you
On your day one like,
"oh, wow."
- Day one was perfect.
- Yeah, and this girl
and this guy, to me,
I mean, it's like
a perfect match.
That's how I see.
- She matches me in some areas
that are important.
- That's right.
I mean, I know that
you want the romantic part.
- I do.
- But in reality,
Romantic is nice to have,
you know,
But as a daily thing,
it's not--
- I need it all, aki.
- You need it all.
- Like, I've been single
for this long
'cause I haven't
settled for less.
- I really want you to make
this a successful marriage.
- Mm-hmm.
- And we want you
to really settle down,
Have a wife,
have kids, have family.
- But do you want me to have
just anyone be my wife,
Or do you want her
to be the wife?
- No, I want you to be happy.
- Right now, I'm not sure
about her, though.
- Mm-hmm.
- I can't see her as my wife.
[soft music]
- ♪ better there for me
get better there for me ♪
- Ahh!
Look at it, it's so gorgeous.
- Our couples took
a giant leap of faith,
But not just to be married
for eight weeks.
- Oh, yes!
[laughs]
- The goal is to be married
for a lifetime,
Which is why we match them
with someone who can satisfy
Their emotional, intellectual,
and physical needs.
- All right.
- Ooh.
- It's not looking too good.
I think it's time
to say goodbye.
- Yeah, I think so too.
- Are we gonna wanna--
- Yeah, definitely,
we're gonna try again.
These are gonna come
in the form of plastic plants
Where they don't die
and they just look nice.
No maintenance.
- Low maintenance
like wifey here.
- Yes, yes.
- In order to truly build
a lifelong marriage,
It's important that they
really put in the effort
To create room
for this relationship to grow,
Because in less
than three weeks,
They're gonna have to decide
whether they wanna stay married
Or get a divorce.
- ♪ baby I just might,
just might ♪
♪ oh, I just might,
♪ baby, I just might ♪
- Hey.
- Hello.
- What's up?
- How are you?
- Good, how are you?
- Good.
- Coffee, thank you.
Good to see you.
- Yeah, it's been
a couple of weeks.
It's been a lot,
married to somebody
Who is very different
from what I'm accustomed to.
- Let's talk.
- Yeah, we got
a lot to talk about.
I am so conflicted
on so many things right now,
And that's not
a normal thing for me.
I'm usually very direct,
very much have my life in order
And know exactly
what's happening.
And I don't know
what's happening right now.
And it's just
a lot of confusion.
- Well, how is it going?
How's living with a woman?
- I mean, a little different
Than when
you lived with me, I guess,
A little more
attentiveness required.
- Compared to living with me,
is she cleaner, dirtier?
- I don't know.
When we went to the honeymoon,
Her bathroom was chaos,
absolute chaos.
But I was like,
"okay, we're living
out of suitcases, I get it."
But I'm starting
to see it again.
I'm starting to see
the extra bedroom, like--
- Turning into a closet?
- Yeah.
This is very alarming to me.
Like, what happens
if we stay together,
And this is the [bleep]
that I get to worry about, man?
Like...
I don't know,
and she eventually last night
Put her clothes
in the washing machine,
And it's
almost lunchtime today.
I'm like, "are your clothes
still in the washing machine?"
She was like, "yeah,
I'll put them in the dryer."
But then I bet
I go back to the apartment,
I bet they're still
in the washing machine.
- If you had this beautiful
victoria's secret model
In front of you, and she was
leaving her dishes in the sink,
Would it bother you?
- I'd probably do the dishes
with a smile.
- [laughs] oh, my god.
- No.
- Have you told her that
the cleanliness is an issue?
- No, I'm struggling
to be open about this.
I know I need to talk
to brett,
But it is uncomfortable
for me.
It probably has a lot to do
with how I was raised.
My family is great,
But there was never
a lot of depth
As far as emotional
conversations or like,
"what are you feeling?"
I have upset her with
some things that I've said,
So I'm kind of like,
"is it even worth bringing up?"
That it might be why
I've been single for so long.
- Mm-hmm.
I think that ryan
has not transitioned
Into married life at all.
I was hoping when I would
meet up with him today
That I would see more of a
progression in the relationship
And being able to communicate
in a relationship,
And I don't see
that has gotten any better.
What do you think
they matched you on?
- I mean, they matched us
on overall things.
Over everything else,
I said, I want a good person.
And she is that.
She's a good person.
She's competitive.
She's easy to talk to.
She is.
She does openly communicate,
But she gets worked up
over things.
And I'm just, like,
very even-keeled.
- Yeah.
- And I've found myself
even being more calm
Just to try to, like,
balance her out.
- Yeah.
- I mean, it's wearing
on me every day.
- You shouldn't change yourself
Because you're worried
about hurting her.
- She's not gonna wanna
hear 90% of the things
That I wanna be open about.
- I would want someone to be
open with me, honest with me,
And I know you're trying
to guard her heart.
But I think you might be doing
more damage than good.
[dramatic music]
- ♪ we're going
in slow motion ♪
♪ spiraling we go ♪
♪ lost grip of emotion
jumping down below ♪
- Wanna hang these?
- I do wanna hang those.
- Using your gift you got me?
- Yeah, let's get it.
[quirky music]
- I'm not gonna do it, though,
'cause I'm still not good
at this stuff.
- Come on, I'll teach you.
- I got married at first sight
Because I've wanted a wife
to do activities with,
To cook together,
to clean together,
To sit down
and watch a movie together.
And even though
we've had conflict,
This is exactly
how I hoped it will be.
You know, just chilling,
drinking, having fun.
- This looks great.
That looks great, babe,
I really do love it.
- All right, you wanna do
our scrapbooking?
- Yeah.
- Let's start right--
- Let's start on this page.
Let's start on the third page.
- Okay.
- Okay, baby.
- Before we start, how many
pictures per thing?
Like, we're gonna change it up,
Or are we gonna keep it,
like, the same...
- Let's be inspired, babe.
- Okay.
- So, like, this
is a really good one.
- It's not one of my favorites,
but okay.
- You a hater.
Like sticker-wise,
We could use--wait,
I have some pink ones.
Where did the pink ones go?
Got it.
- Women really think
about this stuff.
- I would just throw random
pictures in this [bleep].
- Like, "we're good to go."
- When you see these pictures,
what do you, like, think about?
- I think, like, it does
bring back memory,
'cause I don't remember
hugging you like that.
- I don't either.
- But...
- Wow.
- I love it because it shows
how comfortable I was with you.
- Yeah, it's crazy.
Okay.
- Oh, that came together
nicely.
- Yeah, good job, zack.
Okay, that's my page.
- Okay, look at you, I see you.
- Your page is kind of boring,
not gonna lie to you.
It's kinda boring.
- First of all, sir,
You put two stickers
on mine and call it boring.
- Hey, you should've
taken ownership of your page.
- You a hater.
I'm gonna write on mine.
I'm gonna write two poems.
- Freestyle right now,
give me one.
- Nah.
- Give me a four-line, come on.
- Here, I'm gonna give you
a piece of paper.
We're gonna do a poem
with our names.
- Huh, mine's gonna be funny,
and it's gonna rhyme.
Yours gonna be lame.
- Mine is gonna be sweet, okay?
Our first diy project is fun.
It's funny.
- I might need a whole page.
- You gonna need
a whole page?
I only have eight letters
in my name.
There's these little things
I'm learning
From our experiences together
That really, like,
kinda hone in
That we're both ready for this.
Even though
we've have ups and downs,
I am still in awe
that I'm really married,
That I really have a husband,
That I have a husband
that I'm proud of,
So I think as long
as we do the work
And we do our best
to get better together,
Then we'll be okay.
Okay, so I'll read you mine.
- Okay.
- So, "z is for zealous.
"may you never stop aiming
for more you, me, us.
"a is for ambitious.
"your drive means
the world to me.
"c is for charming.
"every time I hear you speak,
I smile.
"h is for handsome
because I love your face.
"your second a is because
you're above all others,
"is where you land on my heart.
"r is for ready because
in order to do this process,
"you have to be.
"and y is for youthful,
And I pray we never
lose our inner child."
- Oh, that was really good.
I was kind of going
more, like, the joke route.
Um...So,
"m, my first and only wife
in our most treacherous fights,
"cherishing you at every sight,
how you always try to bite
Any part of my body,
even though it ain't right."
- [laughs]
- "even though we married
at first sight,
"I'm still loving you
all day and all night
Always and for the rest
of my life."
[soft music]
- I like that.
- Okay.
- I think his poem
is thoughtful and sweet,
And that was my first time
hearing him say
That he was loving me
in a forever type of way.
Feels good
to hear him say that.
- ♪ we owe it to ourselves ♪
♪ can we dive back into love,
love, love, love ♪
- I like your poem
better than mine.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- ♪ show me the other side
of love ♪
♪ give me a reason
I should trust ♪
♪ show me
there's so much more to us ♪
- Hi, guys.
- Pastor cal, hello.
- Hi, pastor cal.
Thank you for taking time
to meet with us.
- Absolutely, absolutely.
Johnny, you look a little sad.
- There's a lot going on
in johnny's head right now.
It's very obvious that he's got
some emotional turmoil.
I need pastor cal
To make some sense of this
for johnny and for me.
- What is making you so sad?
What is it?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- I'm sad because...
- I need you to talk to me.
What's bringing this emotion
that you're feeling?
- I'm sad because I feel...
Like I'm married to someone
that is not right for me.
♪ ♪
- Okay, tell me more.
- The other day,
I wasn't ready for her
To hang out
with my family again.
It's because I don't want my
family to get attached to her,
And she to get attached
to my family
If I don't even like her.
- Okay, now we're
getting somewhere.
Why don't you like her?
- She's not genuine.
- What is the side of me that
you're saying is not genuine?
Because I need to know that
as your wife.
- The thing that I'm saying
is that you're presenting
A certain version of yourself
to whoever we're with,
And sometimes that involves
saying things
That I feel like are not true.
- Like what, for example?
I need specifics.
- Yep, I can do that,
and this just happened,
Like, in front of the rest
of the couples,
Is you said you've been
trying really hard,
And you've been cooking
gourmet meals for us.
- I'm giving it my all.
I meal prep, I cook,
I do gourmet meals, I bake,
I do all these things
in the house.
- She hasn't!
That's a [bleep] lie.
That's not true at all.
Like, why are you saying that?
That's not--that's not honest.
- I have.
- We're cooking gourmet meals
together.
When have you cooked
a gourmet meal for us?
- We cook them together.
Have I had time
to cook separately?
No, I have not.
- There's always an excuse.
Like, you--I feel like you're
constantly giving me excuses
On why you haven't done things.
And all I'm asking
for you to do is
To do things,
literally anything.
- We cooked
the salmon meal together.
I did the bolognese recently.
I meal prepped
both of those things.
I also meal prepped
our hawaiian thing.
I feel like I have
to actually list out
Every single thing I do.
But I am actually doing
all those things, am I not?
- Yeah, johnny, is she--
is that the truth or no?
Is that a lie?
♪ ♪
- I feel like bao's
trying to take credit
For stuff that I think is...
- Baseline.
- Johnny, did she
do those things or not?
- We did those things together.
♪ ♪
- Johnny, here's the thing.
I'm gonna be straight.
I don't think
you're being fair.
I feel like you're saying
she's making excuses.
I hear you making excuses.
And you're trying
to find a way
To discredit
your relationship.
Are you sorry you signed up
for this process?
♪ ♪
Okay, is there anyone else
That you have some kind
of affinity for
Outside of bao?
♪ ♪
- I never even
asked that question,
But I never assumed
there was anyone.
- I'ma tell you
why I'm asking this.
Because in all my years
of counseling people,
I can tell when someone's
attention is divided.
♪ ♪
And I can tell when someone is
Trying to sort of sabotage
a situation.
I need you
to be honest with me.
Is that the case?
- What I know at this point
is that there have been points
In this process
where I feel like I wish
I had been matched
with literally anyone else.
♪ ♪
Because--
- Now, not only is that mean--
- You've said
a lot of mean things.
You're not answering
the question.
- Johnny, johnny,
you're not, though.
Johnny, you're not.
- Is there someone else?
♪ ♪
[tense music]
- You're not answering
the question.
- Johnny, johnny,
you're not, though.
Johnny, you're not.
- Is there someone else?
- Johnny, come on, dude.
♪ ♪
Johnny.
- There's no one else,
but I just know that
What I have in front of me
right now is not what I want.
♪ ♪
- Okay, but, johnny,
I asked you that question
Not to put you on the spot
about anyone competing
Because it sounded
like someone else has
Piqued your interest,
and you're trying to find
A way to discredit
your relationship.
I just want to rule that out.
- Yeah, I'm comparing bao
to the ideal person
That I thought I'd married to.
And I'm constantly
comparing her to that.
- Now, johnny,
that is a sabotage.
That's impossible.
No one can live up
to that standard.
That person needs
to be destroyed.
She does not exist, okay?
Have a funeral for her.
[laughter]
Okay?
- Okay.
- There is no perfect woman,
johnny.
You've been looking for her.
Now, we found someone who's
imperfectly perfect for you.
Why did we choose her for you?
This woman is sitting here
listening to all
That you're giving her,
and she's taking it.
That's who she is.
She's strong.
She's confident.
And she doesn't quit easily.
That's what you need.
And she will be
an incredible wife to you.
But if you don't
want her to be,
No one will be
an incredible wife.
I think you will make bao
an incredible husband.
I think you get
in your own head,
And you get in your own way.
Ball's in your court, man.
Bao, are you okay?
♪ ♪
No, you're not.
What are you feeling
right now?
- I just appreciate
you saying that.
That's all.
- Johnny, tell me
That you're going
to push through these emotions
And find the beauty
in this woman,
That you're gonna
give it a shot.
- I am going to push through
this and give this a shot.
- Okay, now I need you to turn
to her and tell her that.
[soft music]
- We're going through, like,
a hard time right now,
And I feel discouraged,
But I want to work on this,
And I want to find the beauty
That could be here between us.
And I'm gonna commit to it,
and I'm not going to run away.
I'm not going to continue
to be negative.
I just want to appreciate
the things that we do have
And focus on what could be.
♪ ♪
- Thank you.
- ♪ this is your heart
to break ♪
♪ this is your soul
to take ♪
♪ this is your move ♪
[upbeat music]
- ♪ I've been working
like crazy ♪
♪ with everything lately,
all I can say is ♪
♪ I wanna get away
with you ♪
♪ oh, with you ♪
♪ ♪
- Nice little drive.
- Yes.
- I love how it's so pretty
and quiet out.
- I'm super excited 'cause I've
never really been to a winery,
And now I get to experience
this with my husband.
[wind blowing]
- oh!
I'm gonna marilyn monroe
everyone here.
We've had a lot of firsts,
Even from the honeymoon
until now,
We've--a lot of things
that I've never done before,
I've gotten to do
with my husband.
And, you know,
That's something that's
definitely important to me.
And I'm just excited.
- I'm gonna give you
happy trails,
Which is one
of our sweet rieslings.
- Gonna make me happy?
- Well, that's--
- Kurt, come on, I need you
to work with me here, sir.
- I don't know
if it's guaranteed.
- What do you wanna start with?
You wanna start
with this one first?
- Okay, cheers to our first
little wine tasting of many.
♪ ♪
- Oh, this is good.
This is really good.
♪ ♪
- I could drink this
with, like, pizza.
- I can--
- Do you really know
what you're doing,
Or are you just acting like
you know what you're doing?
- No, I'm just swirling
and smelling.
I wanna make sure--
- Just 'cause you saw it
in the movies...
- You know what I was thinking?
Basically,
we're in a really good place,
Like, very good.
- I'm gonna continue keep
saying it but, you know,
I'm a man of detail
in the little things.
And so for me it's, you know,
you're showing me more
By the little things that
don't really cost anything.
You like making me breakfast,
or my coffee,
Or, you know, whatever.
You know, I love that, it's--
- But once the experiment
portion of this is over,
I do feel it's gonna be
A little bit
of starting over again.
- But I think that what
you're trying to say is
It's gonna be
a new enhanced level.
So...
- But you do realize you get
to go back to your home.
I don't get to go back
to my home.
So you realize it's gonna
be a bigger change for me.
You know,
it's not like this is over,
And I go back to my life.
And I've never been
in a relationship
During the summer.
- 'cause you've been single.
- It's scary.
- And then you just travel
or do whatever you want.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- I don't think I've ever
dated someone
That was in the school system
that had a whole summer off.
♪ ♪
- Summer rachel is coming.
Summer rachel,
she's got a lot of free time.
- Okay.
- She gets bored easily.
If I'm just in your house,
like, all day long,
Doing nothing while
you're at work kind of thing,
And it's like that
for the entire summer,
Brace yourself.
- Define "brace yourself,"
like, I don't--
So you're saying,
expect something or get ready,
But I don't know
what I'm getting ready for.
- If you sense a shift in me,
I'm gonna be in a really
bad mood sometime,
And you're just gonna catch me
at that wrong time,
And you're not gonna like it.
I'm just going off
past experiences
And what could possibly happen.
You could not criticize me
one bit,
'cause I would be,
like, out the door.
- Wow.
Hearing that my wife
may be bored,
You know, as I'm at work,
you know,
It's a little bit
of a concern, yes.
What's kind of concerning
about it is that,
Early on,
she showed some habits
Of when things get rough,
she bounces.
I'm glad I didn't date you,
And I just jumped into marriage
with you
'cause I don't know
if I would have survived.
So there's a little bit
of trust issue there of,
Is she gonna stay
in the marriage
If it's not going her way?
And if that were to happen,
I would be crushed.
♪ ♪
- I'm just saying...
- Brace myself, wonderful.
♪ ♪
- ♪ I know what we do
is hard, right ♪
♪ but we gotta make it
to the top, right ♪
♪ so until they catch me
at the stoplight ♪
- Yo.
- Welcome back to the h.
- Yes, sir, appreciate you.
How's it been?
- Good, real good.
- Uh-huh.
- I haven't seen christian
since the wedding,
And a lot has happened
in four weeks.
So it's a lot that I need
to cover with him.
- So how is married life
treating you, man?
- It's good.
I didn't renew my lease.
So that should tell you
a little bit
Of how things are going.
I'm diving in.
- Mm.
- Hello.
- Hey, how is it going?
- How is it going?
- I hope you enjoy it.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, ladies.
- Anything else?
- Thank you, thank you.
- No.
- So being that y'all
been together
For a month
and some change now...
- Correct.
- Any concerns?
Anything that's
throwing flares at you,
Red, yellow, orange, green?
- She loves bougie life.
She's--she's a princess,
that's what I call her.
I call her princesa.
Yeah, she pampers
herself nicely.
You know,
she's your girly-girl,
Your typical girly-girl
that makes good bank,
So therefore she can afford
all this stuff, right?
- She deserves it, yeah.
- Yeah, but I think
the biggest thing with her
Is sometimes her attitude.
Like, if she doesn't
have it her way,
Exactly how she wants it,
she could pout a little bit.
She can have, like,
a little tantrum.
And the only thing that kind of
took me back a little bit
Is when she says she won't
change her lifestyle
For anybody.
So when she said that,
I was like, "ugh, okay."
Like, it's a little selfish,
you know what I mean?
- That's big.
♪ ♪
- Did y'all consummate?
[both laughing]
- Nah.
- Like, y'all finally
getting to that level yet?
- Nah, actually--
- How was the chemistry?
How was the vibe with you?
- Chemistry was good.
She gives me all type
of affection.
We haven't consummated
our marriage yet,
But that's nothing.
That's like--
- no risk to it, huh?
- At all, at all.
I have zero doubts.
♪ ♪
- Y'all had no disagreements,
or no arguments, or nothing?
- Disagreements, the dog stuff.
She's not a dog person.
So I told her, "hey, you know,
I do work the 24-hour shifts.
I need somebody
to walk my dogs."
And she's like, "what were you
doing before you got married?"
I was like,
"I had a dog walker."
She was like, "well, why can't
you keep the dog walker?"
I was like,
"'cause you got two able legs."
- No.
- She was like, "no."
Fast forward now...
- Going, hype, going.
Wait, wait, wait.
I have to put my hoodie, hype.
- ♪ excuse me, ladies, there's
a dog in the building ♪
♪ there's a dog
in the building ♪
in the building, oh ♪
♪ there's a dog
in the building ♪
- This girl wants me
to get a dog for her.
- A complete 180.
- Bro, complete 180.
- That's what's up.
[soft music]
- ♪ wake me up
and tell me it's not real ♪
♪ that I've got something
to believe in ♪
♪ say you'll never let me go,
say you'll never let me go ♪
- Hello.
- Just over here brushing out
yellow hair.
- Hi. Maisey.
- At least I know how she--
- it looks better.
- It looks still pretty yellow.
- I know, she matches my shoes.
- You wore shoes to match her.
- I did. Oh, why?
- But they were so good.
Brett has had
a really tough week,
And to make it even worse,
My dog ate some
of her condolence flowers.
♪ ♪
- Maisey, I can't even look
at you with this yellow face.
Why?
- I literally might take her
to get shaven tomorrow.
- I literally cannot do it.
- I know I need
to talk to brett
And tell her the truth
about how I'm feeling.
I'm really struggling
with going forward
In this marriage,
and I can't force it anymore.
But it sucks
letting people down.
[groans]
I'm so tired.
- Me, too.
- I obviously haven't
been sleeping,
And sleeping out here
is not helping that.
- It's not?
- There's too much going on,
and I just don't sleep.
- I mean, I don't know
if you think I'm in there
Sleeping like a dream,
'cause I'm not.
- Yeah, I know. I know.
I got--we gotta do something,
'cause it's killing me.
♪ ♪
I haven't wanted to go
to the other bedroom
Because I felt like this,
to you,
Is easier than just
totally separate bedrooms.
[tense music]
I'm still struggling with this,
And it sucks
To have that uncertainty
and doubt.
It's not something
that you can force.
You can't pretend
and make something happen...
- No, but you are open to it--
- whether you wanted to or not.
♪ ♪
I feel like I was
incredibly open to it.
Then I just was fighting
with myself
About, you're not even--
this isn't you.
- Mm-hmm.
- I feel like I'm such
a motivated person
In relationships,
And, like, nothing
has just naturally happened,
And it sucks.
And that's by
no fault of yours.
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
Things are coming
to a head between he and I.
I feel like ryan's trying
to tell me something,
But it seems like he
doesn't wanna talk about it.
Just spit it out, because
we need to talk in circles
Or try to sugarcoat it.
- It's just tough.
I know her past.
I know that she's been
in this situation
Before where she's
the one trying, trying, trying,
And it's not being
given back to her.
I don't know if I can do that
to her again.
♪ ♪
I feel like there's no way...
And I just--nothing good
is gonna come
From me not sleeping
in any scenario in life.
So if I don't get sleep,
I'm just gonna be
a not fun, productive,
Progressive person
to be around,
Much less be married to.
And until I can get that sleep,
You're gonna highly dislike me.
- You go in there.
I go in there.
All my stuff's in there.
- You can have--
that comforter's better
If you want that comforter.
♪ ♪
- You know, whatever.
Like, if you don't
wanna be with me,
Then please don't be with me.
But I feel like
he needs to say it
Because it's frustrating
to not just be told
What it is
in black and white terms.
♪ ♪
- ♪ life is a curse
and a blessing ♪
♪ all the stars are meant
to form a line ♪
♪ ♪
♪ that's when it gets
a bit messy ♪
- How are you?
- I'm all right.
♪ ♪
- I wanna talk,
but I don't wanna make you talk
If you don't feel
comfortable talking.
- I'm okay.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, I've been
wanting to talk.
- Okay, let's talk.
- Mentally,
I am just really tired,
And there's a lot
of unresolved stuff,
So it stresses me out that
we haven't talked about it.
We haven't resolved it yet.
Tonight, I'm hoping that
we can have a conversation
About those issues without
it becoming an argument.
Cool if we talk in bed?
- Yeah.
- All right.
There's been such a build up
of tension, conflict,
And this is not
how I wanna be in a marriage.
♪ ♪
Where are you at right now?
- Definitely not happy.
- Mm-hmm, yeah.
I gotta tell you, I wasn't
ready to talk to pastor cal.
I wasn't ready for you
to see my family
Because after the argument
that we had,
I really just needed to talk,
the two of us.
And that's why I asked you
Not to come to the barbeque
Because we needed
to talk before that.
And we needed to talk
before pastor cal.
'cause there's some things
That I said there
that were just raw
And that looking back I regret.
She's not genuine.
There have been points in this
process where I feel like
I wish I had been matched
with literally anyone else.
- Not only is that mean--
- You've said a lot
of mean things.
- I know you said it was raw,
Everything that was coming out
with pastor cal.
But it feels so unfair
sometimes.
Why am I being told, like,
I'm a two-faced crazy person?
I don't feel I am.
I really feel like
I've gone all in.
I've been as honest
as I possibly can,
As vulnerable as I possibly can
And I feel like
that characterization of me
Is very unkind and unfair.
- But I'm trying to tell you
the why behind it.
- I know.
I feel I've exhibited
a lot of patience,
Much more than most women
at this point.
Somebody has
to be the adult here,
And I know marriage
should have its ups and downs.
My parents have been married
for 50 plus years,
And they've gone
through [bleep] and back.
Like, they have been tested,
and I know that.
But it's another thing
to live it.
- The thing that really
put me over the edge
Is the two of us have two
different recollections
Of the truth
of what is going on.
And, of course,
Like, my version of "the truth"
Is me just--it's--I feel like
I'm crying out for help.
I'm just saying like,
"this is what I need,
And this is what I really feel
is missing between us."
Your version of truth is like,
"well, no, I'm doing everything
"that you're saying
I'm not doing.
Like, I am the person that
is not being appreciated here."
- I never said
that what you're saying
I'm not doing I'm not doing.
Like, I am not
initiating enough.
I said I would.
I leaned into that.
I didn't shy from that,
but I do feel
Like what I'm doing
is not being appreciated.
- I do appreciate
that you do the house chores
And prep meals for me,
Pick up stuff for me,
and you think of me
Whenever you're out and about.
Those things I do appreciate.
I want you to realize, though,
that I think
The ways that we show our love
To one another
look completely different.
- Mm-hmm.
- It's because for me,
when you're baking stuff,
That's not for me.
- I know.
I'm learning this now.
- Like, when you bake,
I think more it's you're doing
something that you enjoy doing.
And you know I don't eat
that stuff usually.
When you brought it over,
I eat it because you made it.
- I don't know you yet, johnny.
I don't know you yet.
You don't know me yet.
But I do agree that we seem
to have a misunderstanding
In reading each other's effort.
- What's the next step for us?
- I do think we should
talk more on a daily basis.
- Can you commit to do
everyday things together?
- Yes.
I'm gonna try
to wake up earlier
And have coffee with you.
- It's a relief to kinda
figure out a path forward.
There are plenty
of good things to build on.
- ♪ one thing
that I know for sure ♪
- I do wanna do a date for you.
- I appreciate you trying.
- I'm doing what I can.
- I really need
to just let her know
I appreciate her
for those things.
I'm committed to focus
on the positives
And see if there's enough
positive out there
That can potentially
put me down the path
Of falling in love.
- Whatever it takes.
I burped. I'm sorry.
- ♪ your love, your love,
your love comes first ♪
[laughs]
- ♪ love comes first ♪
♪ ♪
♪ oh ♪
- ♪ your love, your love,
your love comes first ♪
- Go, team! Go, team!
- Next time on
"married at first sight"...
With less than three weeks
left until decision day...
- Glad to see you.
- Dr. Pepper and I will speak
To each
of the spouses individually
To take a real and honest
look at their marriage.
- I know you have been out
partying with your friends.
[both laughing]
- It can derail at any moment.
- I think you personally do
have a tendency
To be controlling.
- My husband has a temper.
He can be vindictive.
- I feel like with her,
I'm somebody
that I don't want to be.
- It ain't over
until it's over.
- I'm gonna stay open to it.
I know I'm gonna make
more of an effort.
- Do you want this more
than you don't want it?
- It's like,
I have this [bleep] view
That, like,
things have to be perfect,
And, like, no matter what I do,
Life is not good enough.
- I knew I would be happy
in marriage, but...
- His decision's
already been made.
- For 15 years,
we could have dated.
I wasn't attracted to you.
♪ ♪